    <div class="summary">
        <p>
          I've been in graduate school for 7 years for two major reasons:
          <ol>
              <li>My research is interdisciplinary, spanning behavioral psychology, systems neuroscience, computational modeling, even comparative neuroscience and human evolution.<br/>  That takes time!</li>
              <li>I've taken leadership roles in two non-academic projects.</ol>
          </ol>
        </p>
        <p>
            I'm happy with my involvement on both non-academic projects, and am glad to share them here with you!
        </p>
    </div>

    <div class="post">
        <a name="FLE"></a>
        <h1><a href="http://www.learningequality.org/">Foundation for Learning Equality</a></h1>

        <p>
          In April of 2013, I got involved with a newly-formed non-profit organization with
          the goal to bring the explosive growth of freely available digital educational materials
          to the offline world.  The issues are important, the <a href="http://www.learningequality.org/about/team">FLE team</a>
          rocks, and I wound up becoming the Software Development Lead (and Implementations Liaison).
        </p>
        <p>
          <a href="http://kalite.learningequality.org">KA Lite</a>, our first software product, is an installable, offline server
          that offers the basic content, reporting, and mastery-based learning
          of <a href="http://www.khanacademy.org/">Khan Academy</a> to students who don't have sufficient access to the
          internet to otherwise leverage these resources.
        <p>
          Since then, I've contributed to a number of initiatives, including:
          <ul>
            <li>
                Sharing our first software platform <a href="http://kalite.learningequality.org">KA Lite</a>
                with offenders within Idaho prisons as part of the <a href="http://www.khanidaho.org/">Khan in Idaho</a> initiative
                (<a href="http://www.fastcolabs.com/3018668/idaho-prisoners-use-khan-academy-offline-to-get-geds">write-up in Fast Company</a>).
            </li>
            <li>
                Extending our platform to share <a href="http://med.stanford.edu/">Stanford Medicine</a> videos alongside the
                <a href="http://www.khanacademy.org/">Khan Academy</a> content
                to support the <a href="https://medium.com/because-rwanda/a1768dfc321b">launch of Rwanda's first private medical school</a>.
            </li>
            <li>
                Implementing <a href="https://learningequality.org/blog/2014/ka-lite-internationalization-coming-soon/">internationalization of KA Lite</a>, as not all students wanting
                to learn understand English :)
            </li>
    </div>

    <div class="post">
        <a name="dodtracker"></a>
        <h1><a href="http://www.dodtracker.com/">DODTracker.com</a></h1>
        <p>
          In October 2007, I created a concept website to aggregate "deal of the day" offers across the web.
          Without expecting it, a bunch of people found my site and shared it, and a business was born.
          I expanded the website, and at its peak it had ~15,000 page-views per day.
        </p>
        <p>
          As CEO and sole operator, I was responsible for all aspects of the site--both coding of the site
          (the aggregation code, website layout, creating feed to allow others to rev-share my data, discovering new deals)
          as well as finances (taking on advertising partners, setting up revenue sharing, even billing...).
        </p>
        <p>
          In 2010, I sold the website to <a href="http://www.internetbrands.com/">Internet Brands</a> in order to focus on
          my dissertation!
        </p>
      </div>

