    <div class="summary">
        <p>
            My research tends to be very interdisciplinary, spanning
            behavioral psychology, systems neuroscience, computational modeling,
            even comparative neuroscience and human evolution.
        </p>

        <p><a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMLzP1VCANo">Dr. Mike Gazzaniga's publications on split brain patients</a> inspires
        my research, wondering: if the two hemispheres can largely operate on their own,
        then what does our singular consciousness mean?  How do two different hemispheres
        talk to each other?
        </p>
    </div>

    <div class="post">
        <a name="curent-history"></a>
        <h1>Current Research Projects</h1>

        <p>
          I am currently involved in three research projects
          with my advisor, <a href="http://cseweb.ucsd.edu/~gary/">Garrison Cottrell</a>.
          They are:
          <ul>
                <li><p>
                    <b><u><a href="http://mindmodeling.org/cogsci2012/papers/0251/index.html">"Differential Encoding"</a></u></b> - We use a simple neural network modeling
                    technique (autoencoder PDP models) to
                    to relate long-range lateral connections within visual areas of the brain
                    to spatial frequency processing.  We then use this model to account
                    for differences in how the left and right sides of the brain
                    process visual information across numerous behavioral experiments.
                </p></li>
                <li><p>
                    <b><u><a href="http://mindmodeling.org/cogsci2013/papers/0086/index.html">Time delays and development</a></u></b> - We use a recurrent neural network in time
                    to show that effects of time delays, when predictable, are highly over-stated--they
                    can be overcome through predictive learning, one of the fundamental features of the brain.
                    </p>
                    <p>In this project, we argue that unreliable time delays cannot be overcome by
                    such means, suggest that unreliable delays exist early in mammalian development,
                    and argue that this effect is exacerbated more in humans than any other animal.
                </p></li>
                <li><p>
                    <b><u>Interhemispheric connectivity across species</u></b> (unpublished) - It has been argued that the hemispheres
                    are asymmetric particularly in humans because our hemispheres are more independent than in other
                    mammals.  We hypothesize that the opposite must be true - in order for the two sides to do
                    different things, they <i>must</i> be able to talk with each other.
                    </p>

                    <p>In this project, we show that a previous reports of decreased connectivity between the hemispheres
                    in large-brained animals were based on incorrect assumptions.  Using more data from the literature,
                    we show that interhemispheric connections are as important, and probably
                    more important, than the average connection between two parts of the brain.
                </li></p>
          </ul>
        </p>
    </div>

    <div class="post">
        <a name="curent-history"></a>
        <h1>Future Research Projects</h1>

        <p>
          I am currently applying for post-doctoral fellowships.  Proposed research projects include:
          <ul>
                <li><p>
                    <b><u>Computing the human corpus callosum</u></b> - The human corpus callosum is
                    composed of many tiny fibers that are hard to view; they quickly disintegrate after death,
                    and require an electron microscope to see.  However, the prevalence of these fibers
                    affects not only how we think, but how researchers interpret people's brain scans, particularly
                    structural scans that tell us about the brain's long-distance connections (DTI).

                    <p>In this project, I propose to use animal data (electron microscope, with small fibers) and
                    human data (light microscope) to estimate the true numbers of fibers in the human corpus callosum
                    across the lifespan.  I then hope to use this information to help interpret human
                    structural brain scans (DTI).
                </li></p>
          </ul>
        </p>
    </div>

    <div class="post">
        <a name="curent-history"></a>
        <h1>Dissertation Committee</h1>
        <p>
          My dissertation committee, along with the areas of their expertise that
          intersect with my projects, includes:
          <ul>
            <li><a>Garrison Cottrell</a>--research advisor, expertise in autoencoder neural network models and computational modeling of cognition</li>
            <li><a>Marta Kutas</a>--department advisor, expertise in hemispheric asymmetry and cognition </li>
            <li><a>Steven Hillyard</a>--expert in spatial attention, has worked in local/global processing</li>
            <li><a>Virginia de Sa</a>--Expert in multi-modal neural network modeling and computational models</li>
            <li><a>Katerinal Semendeferi</a>--Expert in local circuitry</li>
            <li><a>Terry Jernigan</a>--Expert in white matter connectivity</li>
          </ul>
        </p>
      </div>

