        <div class="summary">
            This page was used to update students while I was teaching.
            However, I haven't TA'd in around 3 years,
            my teaching information is on my CV, and so
            this page contains very little of current relevance.
        </div>

        <!-- No updates -->
        <div class="post">
            <a name="noteach"></a>
            <h1>Fellowship Renewed!</h1>
            <p>
              As of April 24, 2012, I have been informed that my funding has been renewed for next year.
              So, no teaching, and lots of time for research!
              Thanks to the <a target="_new" href="http://carta.anthropogeny.org/">Center for Academic Research and Training in Anthropogeny (CARTA)</a>!
            </p>
          </div>

        <!-- No updates -->
        <div class="post">
            <a name="noteach"></a>
            <h1>On Fellowship</h1>

            <p>
              For the second year, I am currently on a <a target="_new" href="http://carta.anthropogeny.org/training/specialization-track/carta-fellowship">fellowship</a> from the <a target="_new" href="http://carta.anthropogeny.org/">Center for Academic Research and Training in Anthropogeny (CARTA)</a>, so I will not be teaching in the current year.  Instead, I will be focusing my efforts on my <a href="research.php">research</a>.
          </div>


  <!-- COGS 17 -->
    <div class="post">
        <a name="cogs17-4"></a>
        <h1>COGS 17 (Spring 2010) Our Book!</h1>

    <p>
      Welcome!  Here's a link to the book on Amazon:
      <br/>
      <a target="_new" href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0716799227?ie=UTF8&tag=ucsd-cogsci-20&linkCode=as2&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=0716799227">Biological Psychology by Klein and Thorne</a>
    </p>
  </div>

  <!-- COGS 17 -->
    <div class="post">
        <a name="cogs17-3"></a>
        <h1>COGS 17 (Fall 2009): Midterm 2 Comments & Grading Key</h1>

    <p>
      <ul>
        <li>Vision</li>
          <ul>
            <li>Transduction (VT): 12 pts</li>
            <li>Psycho/physical mappings (VP): 11 pts</li>
            <li>Neuroanatomy (VN): 12 pts</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>Audition</li>
          <ul>
            <li>Transduction (AT): 12 pts</li>
            <li>Psycho/physical mappings (AP): 11 pts</li>
            <li>Neuroanatomy (AN): 12 pts</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>Vestibular</li>
          <ul>
            <li>Transduction (ET): 8 pts</li>
            <li>Psycho/physical mappings (ET): 5 pts</li>
            <li>Neuroanatomy (EN): 7 pts</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>Other</li>
          <ul>
            <li>Comparisons (C): 6 pts</li>
            <li>Writing style/clearness (W): 4 pts</li>
            <li>Extra info (E): +10 max</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    </div>

  <!-- COGS 17 -->
    <div class="post">
        <a name="cogs17-2"></a>
        <h1>COGS 17 (Fall 2009): Midterm 2 review questions</h1>

    <p>[From Jenny; thank you!]
      <dl>
        <dt>List three different means that would act to alter the release of
acetylcholine</dt>
        <dd>
          <ul>
            <li>insecticides: ACH-esterase blockers</li>
                        <li>hemicholinium: prevents recycling of choline</li>
                        <li>Botulinum toxin: prevents release of ACh</li>
                        <li>nicotine: ACh agonist at nicotinic receptors; affects Na+ and K+ channels</li>
                        <li>bungarotoxin: binds (and blocks) nicotinic ACh receptors. </li>
                        <li>black widow venom: stimulates release of ACh</li>
          </ul>
        </dd>
        <dt>Compare and contrast drug tolerance with drug sensitization.</dt>
        <dd>[What we talked about in office hours is the basic story]</dd>

        <dt>Compare and contrast the locations and synaptic functions of the two
types of acetylcholine receptors.   Provide an example of antagonists for each receptor.</dt>
        <dd>Aove list gives antagonist examples for nicotinic... anything affecting the CNS we could assume to be muscarinic...</dd>
      </dl>
    </p>
    </div>

    <div class="post">
        <a name="cogs17"></a>
        <h1>COGS 17</h1>

    <p>
      Here is a link to the <a target="_new" href="http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/3979509">paper on the neuron-to-glia cell ratio in Einstein's Brain</a>.  I will keep all
    </p>
    </div>

  <!-- COGS 107b -->
    <div class="post">
        <a name="cogs107b"></a>
        <h1>COGS 107B Course Info</h1>

    <p>
      I will be helping to maintain the resources and forums pages
      on the <a href="http://www.cogsci.ucsd.edu/~nitz/cogs107b.html">COGS 107b website</a>.  I will keep all
      information there!
    </p>
    </div>

      <!-- COGS 143 -->
    <div class="post">
        <a name="cogs143"></a>
        <h1>COGS 143 Course Blog</h1>

        <p>
        Please go to <a href="http://www.cogsci.ucsd.edu/~bcipolli/08-09/FA08/COGS143/">http://www.cogsci.ucsd.edu/~bcipolli/08-09/FA08/COGS143/</a> for all COGS 143 TA information (including a link to the course website).
        </p>
    </div>


      <!-- COGS 17 -->
    <div class="post">
        <a name="ohpoll"></a>
        <h1>COGS 17 Course Blog</h1>

        <p>
        Please go to <a href="http://www.cogsci.ucsd.edu/~bcipolli/07-08/SU08/COGS17/">http://www.cogsci.ucsd.edu/~bcipolli/07-08/SU08/COGS17/</a> for all COGS 17 TA information (including a link to the course website).
        </p>
    </div>

      <!-- COGS 101C -->
            <div class="post">
                <a name="ohpoll"></a>
                <h1>Office Hours Poll</h1>

        <p>
        THE OFFICE HOURS POLL IS NOW CLOSED; THE NEW OFFICE HOURS ARE:
        <ul>
          <li>Monday @ 3pm in CSB 235</li>
          <li>Thurs @ 2pm in CSB 235</li>
          <li>Fri @ noon in CSB 235</li>
        </ul>

        <!--p>
        If you are a student in my 101C section, please take this poll to help me
        create USEFUL office hours.  Please mark all times that you can make.
        Whatever hours are best, I will make those my office hours for the rest
        of the quarter.
                </p>

        <p>
        <a href="http://doodle.ch/9tvsdmfpcvbhv5fk">http://doodle.ch/9tvsdmfpcvbhv5fk</a>
        </p-->
    </div>

            <div class="post">
                <a name="midterm1"></a>
                <h1>Grading Abbreviations</h1>

        <p>
        Here are some abbreviations I'm starting to use in grading problem sets:
                </p>

        <p>
        General:
        <ul>
          <li>? = DNS = doesn't make sense.</li>
          <li>DNAQ = doesn't answer the question.</li>
          <li>IC = incomplete / not enough to get full credit.</li>
          <li>MM - more mappings (usually for analogical/metaphorical mapping problems)</li>
        </ul>
        </p>

        <p>
          For PS5:
          <ul>
            <li>NP - nonsense-parse: your parse tree just doesn't make much sense.  Order of symbols mixed up, relationships don't make sense, etc.</li>
            <li>SPSM - same parse, same meaning: if you have the same parse tree for two sentences with the same function words, the meanings will be basically the same (different actors, same action!)</li>
          </ul>
        </p>

        <p>
          For mini-esssays:
          <ul>
            <li>CNC = "consistency in CONCLUSIONS".  Lots of people believed that our class definition of "rational" was equivalent to consistent decision-making.  No; all that matters is that, given the same evidence, your CONCLUSION is consistent.  How you arrive at that conclusion can change however you like.</p>
            <li>IDT = "ill-defined term" "logic"--what does it mean?  No point in "defining" a term in other ill-defined terms!</li>
            <li>ID = incomplete definition.  There's more critical information in the definition of "rational" that you didn't include.</li>
            <li>PF = proofread; this sentence is not grammatical, is hard to read, or is unreadable</li>
            <li>WNCD = "why not class definition?"  If you didn't use the definition of "rational" from class, I expected you to give some justification for using your own definition.  If we define terms in class, why would you make up your own?  Would you do that for other terms we learned?</li>
          </ul>
        </p>
            </div>

      <!-- COGS 1 -->
            <div class="top post">
                <a name="cogs1video"></a>
                <h1>COGS 1 Video: <a href="http://www.pbs.org/kcet/shapeoflife/episodes/ultimate.html">"Shape of Life, The Ultimate Animal"</a></h1>

        <p>
              Here's a link to the video I showed the other evening.  It's the 7th episode in an
        8-part series originally shown on PBS.
                </p>

        <p>
        <a href="http://www.pbs.org/kcet/shapeoflife/episodes/ultimate.html">The Shape of Life: The Ultimate Animal</a>
        </p>
            </div>

      <!-- general -->
            <div class="post">
                <a name="ilikeit"></a>
                <h1>I Like It!</h1>

        <p>
              I'm enjoying being a TA. What I lack in speaking ability and knowledge I do my
        best to make up for in hard work, interest, and technical skills.  Students, please
        feel free to contact me any time with feedback or for help...
                </p>
            </div>
