
      <!-- COGS 101C -->
			<div class="post">
				<a name="ohpoll"></a>	
				<h1>Office Hours Poll</a></h1>
				
        <p>
        THE OFFICE HOURS POLL IS NOW CLOSED; THE NEW OFFICE HOURS ARE:
        <ul>
          <li>Monday @ 3pm in CSB 235</li>
          <li>Thurs @ 2pm in CSB 235</li>
          <li>Fri @ noon in CSB 235</li>
        </ul>
        
        <!--p>
        If you are a student in my 101C section, please take this poll to help me
        create USEFUL office hours.  Please mark all times that you can make.
        Whatever hours are best, I will make those my office hours for the rest 
        of the quarter.
				</p>
        
        <p>
        <a href="http://doodle.ch/9tvsdmfpcvbhv5fk">http://doodle.ch/9tvsdmfpcvbhv5fk</a>
        </p-->
			</div>
	
			<div class="post">
				<a name="midterm1"></a>	
				<h1>Grading Abbreviations</a></h1>
				
        <p>
        Here are some abbreviations I'm starting to use in grading problem sets:
				</p>
        
        <p>
        General:
        <ul>
          <li>? = DNS = doesn't make sense.</li>
          <li>DNAQ = doesn't answer the question.</li>
          <li>IC = incomplete / not enough to get full credit.</li>
          <li>MM - more mappings (usually for analogical/metaphorical mapping problems)</li>
        </ul>
        </p>
        
        <p>
          For PS5:
          <ul>
            <li>NP - nonsense-parse: your parse tree just doesn't make much sense.  Order of symbols mixed up, relationships don't make sense, etc.</li>
            <li>SPSM - same parse, same meaning: if you have the same parse tree for two sentences with the same function words, the meanings will be basically the same (different actors, same action!)</li>
          </ul>
        </p>
        
        <p>
          For mini-esssays:
          <ul>
            <li>CNC = "consistency in CONCLUSIONS".  Lots of people believed that our class definition of "rational" was equivalent to consistent decision-making.  No; all that matters is that, given the same evidence, your CONCLUSION is consistent.  How you arrive at that conclusion can change however you like.</p>
            <li>IDT = "ill-defined term" "logic"--what does it mean?  No point in "defining" a term in other ill-defined terms!</li>
            <li>ID = incomplete definition.  There's more critical information in the definition of "rational" that you didn't include.</li>
            <li>PF = proofread; this sentence is not grammatical, is hard to read, or is unreadable</li>
            <li>WNCD = "why not class definition?"  If you didn't use the definition of "rational" from class, I expected you to give some justification for using your own definition.  If we define terms in class, why would you make up your own?  Would you do that for other terms we learned?</li>
          </ul>
        </p>
			</div>
	
      <!-- COGS 1 -->
			<div class="top post">
				<a name="cogs1video"></a>	
				<h1>COGS 1 Video: <a href="http://www.pbs.org/kcet/shapeoflife/episodes/ultimate.html">"Shape of Life, The Ultimate Animal"</a></h1>
				
        <p>
			  Here's a link to the video I showed the other evening.  It's the 7th episode in an
        8-part series originally shown on PBS.
				</p>
        
        <p>
        <a href="http://www.pbs.org/kcet/shapeoflife/episodes/ultimate.html">The Shape of Life: The Ultimate Animal</a>
        </p>
			</div>
	
      <!-- general -->	
			<div class="post">
				<a name="ilikeit"></a>	
				<h1>I Like It!</h1>
				
        <p>
			  I'm enjoying being a TA. What I lack in speaking ability and knowledge I do my
        best to make up for in hard work, interest, and technical skills.  Students, please
        feel free to contact me any time with feedback or for help...
				</p>
			</div>
