    <!--div class="summary">
    </div-->
    <style>
        li { padding-bottom: 10px; }
    </style>

    <div class="post">
        <a name="y"></a>
        <h1>Publications</h1>

        <p>
            In preparation:
          <ul>
            <li>
                Cipollini, Ben, and Cottrell, Garrison W.
                <b>Uniquely human developmental timing may drive interhemispheric coupling and cerebral lateralization</b>
                <br/>
                <i>[a response to Ringo et al. (1994) Time Is of the Essence: A Conjecture that Hemispheric Specialization Arises from Interhemispheric Conduction Delay. Cerebral Cortex July/Aug 1994;4:331-343]</i></li>
            </li>
            <!--li style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
                Cipollini, Ben, and Cottrell, Garrison W.
                <b>The isomorphic expansion of neural projection systems in primate brain evolution.</b>
                <br/>
                <i>[a response to Rilling &amp; Insel (1999) Differential expansion of neural projection systems in primate brain evolution. NeuroReport 10, 1453-1459]</i>
            </li-->
          </ul>
        </p>

        <p>
            Journal publications:
          <ul>
            <li>
                Hsiao, Janet H., Cipollini, Ben, and Cottrell, Garrison W. (2013)
                <a href="http://cseweb.ucsd.edu/users/gary/pubs/janeth-jocn-2013.pdf">Hemispheric asymmetry in perception: A differential encoding account</a>. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 25(7):998-1007.
            </li>
          </ul>
        </p>

        <p>
            Conference publications:
          <ul>
            <li>
                Cipollini, B. and Cottrell, G.W. (accepted)
                <a href="docs/papers/Cipollini_Cottrell_COGSCI_2014.pdf">A Developmental Model of Hemispheric Asymmetries of Spatial Frequencies</a>.
                In Proceedings of the 36th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society. Austin, TX: Cognitive Science Society.
            </li>
            <li>
                Cipollini, B. and Cottrell, G.W. (2013)
                <a href="http://mindmodeling.org/cogsci2013/papers/0086/index.html">Uniquely human developmental timing may drive cerebral lateralization and interhemispheric coupling</a>.
                In Proceedings of the 35th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society. Austin, TX: Cognitive Science Society.
            </li>
            <li>
                Cipollini, B. and Cottrell, G.W. (2013)
                <a href="docs/papers/Cipollini_Cottrell_NCPW_2013.pdf">Sparse connectivity asymmetry in an autoencoder can explain visual hemispheric asymmetries in local/global, face, and spatial frequency processing</a>.
                In Proceedings of the 13th Annual Neural Computation and Psychology Workshop (NCPW). San Sebastian, Spain.
            </li>
            <li>
                Cipollini, B., Hsiao, J.H-W., and Cottrell, G.W. (2012)
                <a href="http://mindmodeling.org/cogsci2012/papers/0251/index.html">Connectivity asymmetry can explain visual hemispheric asymmetries in local/global, face, and spatial frequency processing</a>.
                In N. Miyake, D. Peebles, & R. P. Cooper (Eds.), Proceedings of the 34th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society. Austin, TX: Cognitive Science Society.
            </li>
          </ul>
        </p>

        <p>
            Theses:
          <ul>
            <li>Ph.D Dissertation: A unified hypothesis of visual asymmetry, interhemispheric communication, and their typical development in humans
            <br/>(<a href="docs/papers/Cipollini_PhD_Thesis.pdf">full: 250 pages</a>)
            (<a href="docs/papers/Cipollini_Thesis_Precis.pdf">precis: 14 pages</a>)</li>
            <!--li><a href="">Masters Thesis</a></li-->
          </ul>
    </div>


    <div class="post">
        <a name="talks"></a>
        <h1>Talks</h1>

        <p>
            Coming soon!
        </p>
      </div>


    <!--div class="post">
        <a name="curent-history"></a>
        <h1>Workshop &amp; Lab Meeting Presentations</h1>

        <p>
          Workshop presentations:
          <ul>
            <li></li>
          </ul>
        </p>

        <p>
          Lab meeting presentations:
          <ul>
            <li></li>
          </ul>
        </p>
      </div-->

